That's where I see myself in 5 to 10 years. I'm kind of undecided right
now. I'm at a point in my career where I've got 18 years in, Um, the
command that I'm currently at can actually take me to 21 years, and
I could essentially retire from here, but because I enjoy the work
that I'm doing so much, and as long as the opportunity presents itself,
I'm not opposed to re enlisting again and continue to make a career
of this And whether I do another five years or try and push it
out to 30 and retire there, um, I'm not sure it really is gonna kind
of present itself to me in the next year or two On what I decide.
Because of the work that I've done in the Navy, I've got a tremendous
opportunities on the outside, on the civilian sector and even in the
government sector where I could find work and do that. But I am kind
of enjoy what I'm doing here and the security that there is with
being in the Navy, so I might prolong and extend in as well